hello everyone how's it going we just
came in the mail today my two new course
books for next month's course which is
game history so yeah pretty excited
although this book is really thick but
it looks cool all you guys get a little
glimpse into it oh there's no pictures
is there any pictures okay that guy
looks very familiar
hmm Donkey Kong was the game that
enabled Nintendo to break into the u.s.
yeah apparently this book's gonna be
very informative but from what I hear
from everyone else that's taking this
course they all say that this class like
I was having some guy he said that he
never done so much work in one month in
his whole life and yeah this is the
ultimate history of video games the
story been on the crease that touched
our lives and changed the world okay so
we got that book we have this book a
theory of fun for game design what this
book is like oh this book got more
pictures okay that's cool yeah I just
want to make this video and show you
guys the new book that I have for my
next month course game history slash
project management assessment what I was
gonna do was I was just gonna do a video
like a video how can I say a video like
with a picture on the side but I don't
know how to do all that yet I'm not that
skilled but I'm gonna I'm gonna show you
something real quick game design
go to three new degrees three new online
degree programs launching oh I wonder
what they are Media communications
innovation and entrepreneurship and
public relations okay I really don't
care about all that I'm doing game
design bitch concerned about myself okay
I was like I'm trying to show you guys
the course for those two books which
I've already said it but this course
right here
game history it's everything I'll be
learning you get a little closer up
industry milestones yeah it's pretty
much learning about you know things that
have shaped the gaming industry into
what they are I don't know a project
management assessment really is I don't
and I'm get why that's in that same
course yeah I don't know but yeah I just
wanted to make a quick video and show
you guys my two new books and it's the
box that I came in I don't know why they
always is this a certain kind of you
know protective paper I don't know I
usually enjoy popping these bubbles but
I can't pop it for some reason and it
came with this this is just saying what
the books are and I just gave up my
phone number
oops oh well
yeah and I got this I don't really give
a yeah these are the two books for
game history so just showing you guys
feel free to give it a like and
subscribe to my channel for future also
videos peace